Now that we have our credentials ready and we've set up Google Cloud platform in order to be able to
utilize the maps services, the next thing we'll need is a package.
It's the no client for Google Maps services.
This library is a factor of the original Google Maps it is utilized to use in nogs.
So it's basically a package that we can use in our firebase function if we want to geocode something,
look for directions, et cetera, et cetera.
It's basically a wrapper around all of the maps, API calls.
And so these are the APIs that it exposes.
And over here we can see it exposes the geocoding API and the police's API, both APIs that we want
to use.
Now, this library is designed for server side, not just applications.
You cannot use it client side if you use a client side.
In some cases it could work.
But personally, I would steer clear from that.
So what we're going to do is we're going to copy this and then we're going to go over to our code.
We're going to open up our command line.
And what we're going to do is we're going to do yarn, add Google Maps, Google Map Services.
This is going to install the client.
And then once we have that, we can import the client.
Now, obviously, this is the typescript S6 type notation where we use the import syntax.
Now, we're not using that.
We're going to use the required syntax.
If we go over to our server environment for our functions and we go over to the root index, then we
can import the client.
And now we have to bootstrap the client in some way.
So the way that we do that is we go beneath the import statement and we say create a client when the
core of the firebase functions start, and now we can pass that client along to our geocode request
as well as our places of requests in this client is what we're going to utilize to do our API call.
If we go over to our geocode request, then what we can do is we can accept client as an extra parameter,
but now we're in a particular situation, right?
Because right now we're only returning moch information.
So this doesn't really help us in terms of making smart decisions.
What I want us to do is I want us to accept the second parameter called Moch on the wall.
And if Mark is being passed, that is when we'll return a location.
Now, the way to do that is we have to check if Mark is equal to true.
Now, query parameters come in a string's when Mark comes in, Mark will be equal to true or false as
a string.
And so we need to validate that in that way.
So what we'll say here is if Mark is is equal to true.
Then we will run the response that, Jason, for this and we'll also return the response that Jason
so that it doesn't continue.
After we do that now, beyond this line of code, we can actually accept the ability to return something
else.
So a response to Jason here.
Something else.
And when we do that, what we're going to see is if we do yard serve and we try to utilize our geocoding
API.
If we go over here to localhost five thousand and one and we do Geocode.
Well, we're going to see is if we do Geocode, Antwerp is going to hit something else.
But if we say and Mark is equal to true, now we're getting more information.
OK, well, why does Mark need to be this way?
Well, let me remove that real quick.
And what we can see here is that if Mark is equal to true, it will still work.
But if Mark is equal to something else, it will still work.
And if Mark is equal to false, it still works.
So it isn't really parsing the value.
What it's doing is it's using the string based value.
So we're sending it to false and it's still working.
That is why we're checking it against the true value as a string.
There are other ways that you could pass this, but we're trying to keep it simple since it's just the
mock solution over here.
OK, so now that we know that we can do something else over here, what we're going to do is we're going
to utilize that client and what we're going to do is do client or geocode.
And this will accept parameters now, the parameters it will accept are the following, it will accept
address, in which case we're going to put address a city.
So the city we get is what we're going to give to the address parameter, and that will translate into
geocode search.
And then the second parameter is the key.
Now, this is the API key for Google that we just got.
Interesting, so are we just kind of hard coded in here?
Well, no hard coding API keys directly into here is not a great idea.
So we'll take a look at that in a minute.
But let's just finish up what we need to do.
Let's add a time out of a thousand seconds, a thousand milliseconds.
So it's going to wait one second.
If it doesn't get a response, then it's going to.
And what we're going to say is that when Geocode returns, the results is what we're going to send back.
So we're going to say return response Dodgson of red dot data.
And this is going to allow us to return the data that comes back from the Geocode API.
Otherwise, if we catch something, what we're going to do is we're going to take that error and we're
going to say response.
That's status.
Is equal to four hundred, so we're going to say four hundred, something went wrong and we're going
to say a response thought send.
So we're going to return a response thoughts and we're not going to respond.
SJS, Jason, in this case.
And we're going to send an error.
Of IDOT response, the data error message, OK?
So now that this is set up, well, let's go look over here, if we look at the way that this is set
up and we do Mark Drew.
If we say and Mark.
Is equal to true.
We're going to get more information, McCaffrey now say it's equal to false, the provided APIC is invalid.
OK, so how are we going to give our API key to the service?
Well, that's a good question.
There are many different ways to look at this, to how to supply the we could hardcoded in here and
you could go take the AP IQ we just generated from Google, put it straight in here.
But we want to go one level above and do a bit more management here.
So I'm going to show you a way on how to manage secrets with Firebase.